DOC document cython typedefs (#28865)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/cython.rst

The parallel loop, `prange`, is already protected by cython and can be used directly
from `cython.parallel`.

Types
~~~~~

> Cython code requires to use explicit types. This is one of the reasons to get good
> performance boosts. In order to avoid code duplication, we have a central place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cython code requires to use explicit types. This is one of the reasons you get a
performance boost. In order to avoid code duplication, we have a central place
```

for the most used types in
`sklearn/utils/_typedefs.pyd <https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/blob/main/sklearn/utils/_typedefs.pyd>`_.

> Ideally you start by having a look there and simpliy `cimport`, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally you start by having a look there and `cimport` types you need, for example
```
